[
    {
        "id": "3",
        "title": "Experienced Front Desk Personnel / Guest Services Agent at Hotel Capitol",
        "content": "Chrisland viral video is currently trending on social media and it’s troubling that a ten-year-old girl can be found in such act.

        The social media world has been buzzing for the past twenty four hours after a video of a ten-year-old girl from Chrisland school went viral on the internet.
        Chrisland Viral Video: Bad Parenting or Social Media, Who Is At Fault?
        
        Chrisland viral video did not capture the moment a student took the first position in a sporting activity or the moment a student showed his learning abilities.
        
        However, the viral video saw some teenage students engage in s*xual activities.
        
        In the viral video, the young girl who is ten years old could be seen having fun alongside four male students of the same school.
        
        Her parents have come out to demand justice for their daughter, insisting that the incident was an act of r*pe rather than what many Nigerians consider it to be.
        
        With Nigerians taking to social media to voice out their opinion, one question has continued to pop up, who is to be blamed, social media, bad parenting or the school authority?.
        
        Looking at the situation of things, it’s obvious that all the stated parties have played a role in the disgraceful act.
        
        TRENDING: Oxlade s3x tape: How it got leaked on Snapchat
        
        Speaking about parenting, parents of this generation have won the battle against children being spanked in school and it’s a well-deserved victory.
        
        However, some parents have finally spared the rod in their various homes, a move that has seen children grow under bad influence.
        
        Parents are now used to the act of safeguarding their children without telling them what they need to understand as a teenager.
        
        Despite teaching their children to be the best in all endeavours, some parents have neglected the moral aspects of life.
        
        Chrisland viral video is just one of many disgraceful acts happening among the young children these days and if proper action is not taken, it will continue.
        
        Social media has become a useful platform for everyone across the globe but that doesn’t take away the negative impacts.
        
        Anyone who has come across the Chrisland viral video will be convinced that the children in question seem to have a good knowledge of what sexual intercourse means.
        
        Despite being under 15, the children performed various sexual positions and one question keeps popping through our minds, who taught them?.
        
        Though some people have insisted that the children might have come across pornography from their parents’, or sibling’s phone but they’ve likely come across it on social media.
        
        Usage of social media amongst the young ones especially the children should be taken seriously.
        
        Though they tend to learn more, but that should be done under strict supervision.
        
        Chrisland viral video have ensured that the school authority gets into the spotlight and they also have their share of the blame.
        
        How did a competition turn into a sexual party amongst young children?
        
        The school have been closed down by Lagos State Government but what happens when it’s finally opened?. Will students be stopped from using social media or will parents be asked to sign an undertaking?
        
        Chrisland school have a lot to prove going forward as the school’s integrity has been questioned with this disgraceful act.
        
        Social Media, Bad Parenting and the school authority have played their part in the Chrisland viral video and its high time everyone takes a huge step.
        
        This generation might be declared the woke generation but if care is not taken, the so-called woke generation will turn into the spoilt generation.
        
        Chrisland viral video will surely be out of the media in the next few days but what happens after might be worse than this if proper action is not taken by parents and schools.
        
        What are your thoughts on the Chrisland viral video and how do you think it can be stopped, let’s have your thoughts via the comment session. ",
        
        "banner": "https://www.salesforce.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2021/02/customer-service-stats-header-og-v2.jpg",
        "video": "",
        "posted_by": "Admin",
        "posted_date": "2021-04-11 16:44:37"
    },
    {
        "id": "3",
        "title": " Experienced Front Desk Personnel / Guest Services Agent at Hotel Capitol",
        "content": "Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo declared his intention to run for president in 2023 on Monday. Here is the full text of his speech.

        In the past seven years, I have served as Vice President under a true Nigerian patriot, a servant of the nation in war and peace, and a man of integrity, President Muhammadu Buhari. We have, together, worked through some of the most difficult times in the history of our Nation, but we have remained focused on securing the country, providing infrastructure and growing our economy. As stipulated by the Nigerian Constitution, our tenure will end next year.
        
        In this period of seven years, I have served the government in several capacities, and have, at the direction of Mr. President, represented our country in sensitive high level international engagements. I have been to practically all local governments in Nigeria. I have been in markets, factories, schools, and farms. I have been in agricultural, mining and oil producing communities; in the Delta, in Kebbi, Enugu, Borno; Rivers, Plateau and Ondo; & in all other States of the federation, listening to the diverse experiences and yearnings of our people.
        
        I have visited our gallant troops in the North East and our brothers and sisters in the IDP camps. I have felt the pain and anguish of victims in violent conflicts, terrorist attacks, flooding, fire and other disasters. I have been in the homes of many ordinary Nigerians in various parts of the country. I have sat with our techprenuers in Lagos Edo, and Kaduna, with our Nollywood and Kannywood actors; with our musicians, from Lagos, Onitsha, and Kano. And I have spoken to small and large businesses.",
        
        "banner": "https://www.salesforce.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2021/02/customer-service-stats-header-og-v2.jpg",
        "video": "",
        "posted_by": "Admin",
        "posted_date": "2021-04-11 16:44:37"
    },
    {
        "id": "3",
        "title": "Often regarded as the second most prestigious football competition in the world, UEFA Champions League is worth $15,000.

        Only clubs in European countries are allowed to participate in the elite competition that has a rich history.
        
        Real Madrid are currently the highest winner of the competition with 13 trophies in their cabinet.
        
        Organisers of the competition have tried different designs of the trophy.
        
        The current one is the fifth design ever since the tournament began.
        
        During the 2008-2009 season, UEFA decided to keep the original version of the trophy while the winners are given a replica.
        Facts about UEFA Champions League
        
        The UEFA Champions League cup was designed by Jürg Stadelmann near the then UEFA headquarters, Berne.
        
        Real Madrid are the most successful side in the competition’s history with 13 titles.",
        
        "banner": "https://www.salesforce.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2021/02/customer-service-stats-header-og-v2.jpg",
        "video": "",
        "posted_by": "Admin",
        "posted_date": "2021-04-11 16:44:37"
    }
]